src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Update-AzWvdMsixPackage.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/update-azwvdmsixpackage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWvdMsixPackage

## SYNOPSIS
Update an  MSIX Package.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -FullName <String> -HostPoolName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DisplayName <String>] [-IsActive] [-IsRegularRegistration]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity> [-DisplayName <String>] [-IsActive]
 [-IsRegularRegistration] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Update an  MSIX Package.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update a MSIX Package 
```powershell
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -HostPoolName HostPoolName `
        -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName `
        -SubscriptionId SubscriptionId `
        -displayName 'Updated-display-Name' `
        -IsRegularRegistration:$False `
        -IsActive:$True
```

```output
Name                                                  Type
----                                                  ----
HostPoolName/MSIXPackage_FullName1                    Microsoft.DesktopVirtualization/hostpools/msixpackages
```

This command updates a MSIX Package in a HostPool.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayName
Display name for MSIX Package.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullName
The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: MsixPackageFullName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostPoolName
The name of the host pool within the specified resource group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsActive
Set a version of the package to be active across hostpool.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsRegularRegistration
Set Registration mode.
Regular or Delayed.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api20210712.IMsixPackage

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Fix Microsoft.desktopvirtualization tests to allow powershell release of latest stable (#21248)
* update to tests that can be set up their own resources

* update all get tests to use 'try..finally' blocks where needed for cleanup

* fix get hostpool test

* update new and register tests to use try..finally blocks

* update tests use try..finally blocks

* updates for user session and SH tests

* remove-msix update

* Added persistent resources to point to rg, updated tests that need persistence to use persistence.

* Ran autorest on newest stable (20220909), and corrected a few MSIX tests

* Fixed all tests to pass.

* Added few fixes for static analysis failures

* static analysis fixes

* Began work on fixing scalingPlanPooledSchedules error

* ran build module to get changes

* Fixed remaining static analysis issues

* Added missed description

* Updated tests

* removed extra - on parameters

* Fixed time input parameters and removed "PS>C:" Prefixes

* built module to include doc changes

* Added correct passing of boolean

* Style commit to test static analysis

* Removed colon

* redoing bool

* Added breakingchangeissues csv file

* Updated missing test recording file

* Remove NewRoleAssignment from Scaling Plan tests

---------

Co-authored-by: Ryan Oshinsky <ryanoshinsky@microsoft.com>

src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Update-AzWvdMsixPackage.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/update-azwvdmsixpackage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWvdMsixPackage

## SYNOPSIS
Update an  MSIX Package.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -FullName <String> -HostPoolName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DisplayName <String>] [-IsActive] [-IsRegularRegistration]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity> [-DisplayName <String>] [-IsActive]
 [-IsRegularRegistration] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Update an  MSIX Package.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update a MSIX Package 
```powershell
Update-AzWvdMsixPackage -HostPoolName HostPoolName `
        -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName `
        -SubscriptionId SubscriptionId `
        -displayName 'Updated-display-Name' `
        -IsRegularRegistration:$False `
        -IsActive:$True
```

```output
Name                                                  Type
----                                                  ----
HostPoolName/MSIXPackage_FullName1                    Microsoft.DesktopVirtualization/hostpools/msixpackages
```

This command updates a MSIX Package in a HostPool.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayName
Display name for MSIX Package.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullName
The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: MsixPackageFullName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostPoolName
The name of the host pool within the specified resource group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsActive
Set a version of the package to be active across hostpool.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsRegularRegistration
Set Registration mode.
Regular or Delayed.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api202209.IMsixPackage

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[ScalingPlanScheduleName <String>]`: The name of the ScalingPlanSchedule
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS
