src/Cdn/docs/Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Cdn
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.cdn/enable-azfrontdoorcdnprofilemigration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration

## SYNOPSIS
Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile.

## SYNTAX

```
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile
```powershell
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName name-migrated -ResourceGroupName rgName
```

Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile

### Example 2: Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile, when the subscription of the profile is different from the local subscrition
```powershell
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName name-migrated -ResourceGroupName rgName -SubscriptionId testSubId01
```

Commit the migrated Azure Frontdoor(Standard/Premium) profile, when the subscription of the profile is different from the local subscrition

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
Name of the CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The subscription ID that identifies an Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Fix known issue and bump API version (#21878)
* remove some unused parameter

* add examples for enabling MSI

* update description

* update codes format

* API bump, use 20230501 version

* rerecord the testcases and add case for enabling managed identity

* add testcases for Update-AzFrontDoorCdnProfile

---------

Co-authored-by: yaoshi <yaoshi@microsoft.com>

src/Cdn/docs/Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Cdn
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.cdn/enable-azfrontdoorcdnprofilemigration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration

## SYNOPSIS
Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile..

## SYNTAX

```
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile..

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile.
```powershell
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName name-migrated -ResourceGroupName rgName
```

Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile.

### Example 2: Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile., when the subscription of the profile is different from the local subscrition
```powershell
Enable-AzFrontDoorCdnProfileMigration -ProfileName name-migrated -ResourceGroupName rgName -SubscriptionId testSubId01
```

Commit the migrated Azure Front Door(Standard/Premium) profile., when the subscription of the profile is different from the local subscrition

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
Name of the CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The subscription ID that identifies an Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
