src/Aks/Aks.Autorest/docs/Stop-AzAksCluster.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Aks
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.aks/stop-azakscluster
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Stop-AzAksCluster

## SYNOPSIS
Stops a Running Managed Cluster

## SYNTAX

### Stop (Default)
```
Stop-AzAksCluster -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### StopViaIdentity
```
Stop-AzAksCluster -InputObject <IAksIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-PassThru]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Stops a Running Managed Cluster

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Stop Aks cluster with resource group name and cluster name
```powershell
Stop-AzAksCluster -ResourceGroupName group -Name myCluster
```

Stop Aks cluster with resource group name and cluster name.

### Example 2: Stop Aks cluster with pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzAksCluster -ResourceGroupName group -Name myCluster | Stop-AzAksCluster
```

Stop Aks cluster with pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Aks.Models.IAksIdentity
Parameter Sets: StopViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the managed cluster resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases: ClusterName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Aks.Models.IAksIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IAksIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[AgentPoolName <String>]`: The name of the agent pool.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The name of a supported Azure region.
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group.
  - `[ResourceName <String>]`: The name of the managed cluster resource.
  - `[RoleName <String>]`: The name of the role for managed cluster accessProfile resource.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[AKS][autorest] bump managedClusters API version to 2023-02-01 (#21435)
* bump version to 2023-02-01

* New-AzAksTimeSpanObject

* Get-AzAksMaintenanceConfiguration

* Set-AzAksMaintenanceConfiguration

* Remove-AzAksMaintenanceConfiguration

* New-AzAksSnapshot

* Get-AzAksSnapshot

* Set-AzAksSnapshot step 1

* remove set cmdlets

* add test case

* Invoke-AzAksRotateManagedClusterServiceAccountSigningKey

* remove Update-AzAksSnapshotTag

* update examples and docs

* supress Signature Issues

src/Aks/Aks.Autorest/docs/Stop-AzAksCluster.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Aks
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.aks/stop-azakscluster
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Stop-AzAksCluster

## SYNOPSIS
This can only be performed on Azure Virtual Machine Scale set backed clusters.
Stopping a cluster stops the control plane and agent nodes entirely, while maintaining all object and cluster state.
A cluster does not accrue charges while it is stopped.
See [stopping a cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/start-stop-cluster) for more details about stopping a cluster.

## SYNTAX

### Stop (Default)
```
Stop-AzAksCluster -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### StopViaIdentity
```
Stop-AzAksCluster -InputObject <IAksIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-PassThru]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This can only be performed on Azure Virtual Machine Scale set backed clusters.
Stopping a cluster stops the control plane and agent nodes entirely, while maintaining all object and cluster state.
A cluster does not accrue charges while it is stopped.
See [stopping a cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/start-stop-cluster) for more details about stopping a cluster.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Stop Aks cluster with resource group name and cluster name
```powershell
Stop-AzAksCluster -ResourceGroupName group -Name myCluster
```

Stop Aks cluster with resource group name and cluster name.

### Example 2: Stop Aks cluster with pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzAksCluster -ResourceGroupName group -Name myCluster | Stop-AzAksCluster
```

Stop Aks cluster with pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Aks.Models.IAksIdentity
Parameter Sets: StopViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the managed cluster resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases: ClusterName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Stop
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Aks.Models.IAksIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IAksIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[AgentPoolName <String>]`: The name of the agent pool.
  - `[CommandId <String>]`: Id of the command.
  - `[ConfigName <String>]`: The name of the maintenance configuration.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The name of Azure region.
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ResourceName <String>]`: The name of the managed cluster resource.
  - `[RoleName <String>]`: The name of the role for managed cluster accessProfile resource.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.

## RELATED LINKS
