src/MobileNetwork/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.MobileNetwork
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the MobileNetwork service.

---
## Status
[![Az.MobileNetwork](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Az.MobileNetwork.svg?style=flat-square&label=Az.MobileNetwork "Az.MobileNetwork")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.MobileNetwork/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.MobileNetwork`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 933dbc070dda85e2d115dc42893f07b2ed5b74f6
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md 
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/attachedDataNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/common.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/dataNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/mobileNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/operation.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/packetCoreControlPlane.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/packetCoreDataPlane.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/service.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/sim.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/simGroup.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/simPolicy.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/site.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/slice.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/ts29571.json

module-version: 0.1.0
title: MobileNetwork
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

resourcegroup-append: true
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true

directive:
  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions.PacketCoreControlPlanePropertiesFormat.properties.interopSettings
    transform: >-
      return {
        "type": "object",
        "additionalProperties": true,
        "description": "Settings to allow interoperability with third party components e.g. RANs and UEs."
      }

  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions
    transform: delete $.CoreNetworkTypeRm
  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions
    transform: delete $.PduSessionTypeRm

  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`default\`/g, "'default'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`requested\`/g, "'requested'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`service\`/g, "'service'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`any\`/g, "'any'")

  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^BulkViaIdentity$|^Bulk$|^Collect$|^CollectViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: AttachedDataNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^DataNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: DataNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^PacketCoreControlPlaneTag$
    set:
      subject: PacketCoreControlPlane
  - where:
      subject: ^PacketCoreDataPlaneTag$
    set:
      subject: PacketCoreDataPlane
  - where:
      subject: ^ServiceTag$
    set:
      subject: Service
  - where:
      subject: ^SimGroupTag$
    set:
      subject: SimGroup
  - where:
      subject: ^SimPolicyTag$
    set:
      subject: SimPolicy
  - where:
      subject: ^SiteTag$
    set:
      subject: Site
  - where:
      subject: ^SlouseTag$
    set:
      subject: Slouse
  - where:
      subject: ^MobileNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: MobileNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^Slouse$
    set:
      subject: Slice
  - where:
      parameter-name: DefaultSlouseId
    set:
      parameter-name: DefaultSliceId

  - where:
      verb: Update
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetwork$|^DataNetwork$|^PacketCoreControlPlane$|^PacketCoreDataPlane$|^Service$|^SimGroup$|^SimPolicy$|^Slice$
      variant: ^UpdateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Update
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetwork$|^DataNetwork$|^PacketCoreControlPlane$|^PacketCoreDataPlane$|^Service$|^SimGroup$|^SimPolicy$|^Slice$
    hide: true

  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^BulkSimDelete$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Remove
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimDelete$
    remove: true
  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^BulkSimUpload$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Update
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimUpload$
    remove: true
  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^BulkSimUploadEncrypted$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Update
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimUploadEncrypted$
    remove: true
  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^CollectPacketCoreControlPlaneDiagnosticPackage$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Update
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^CollectPacketCoreControlPlaneDiagnosticPackage$
    remove: true
  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^ReinstallPacketCoreControlPlane$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Reset
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^ReinstallPacketCoreControlPlane$
    remove: true
  # - where:
  #     verb: Invoke
  #     subject: ^RollbackPacketCoreControlPlane$
  #   set:
  #     verb: Revoke
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^RollbackPacketCoreControlPlane$
    remove: true

  # The following are commented out and their generated cmdlets may be renamed and custom logic
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #     - SliceConfiguration  # SlouseId -> SliceId
  #     - DataNetworkConfiguration
  #     - ServiceResourceId
  #     - SiteResourceId
  #     - SimStaticIPProperties # SlouseId -> SliceId
  #     - PccRuleConfiguration
  #     - ServiceDataFlowTemplate

  - where:
      model-name: MobileNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - PublicLandMobileNetworkIdentifierMcc
          - PublicLandMobileNetworkIdentifierMnc
  - where:
      model-name: Site
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: Slice
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - SnssaiSst
          - SnssaiSd
  - where:
      model-name: Service
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - Precedence
          - MaximumBitRateDownlink
          - MaximumBitRateUplink
          - QoPolicyAllocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel
          - QoPolicyFiveQi
  - where:
      model-name: DataNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: SimPolicy
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - RegistrationTimer
          - UeAmbrDownlink
          - UeAmbrUplink
  - where:
      model-name: SimGroup
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreControlPlane
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreDataPlane
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: AttachedDataNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: Sim
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreControlPlaneVersion
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
```

Commit message:

[MobileNetwork] Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite (#21614)
* Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite

* Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite

* Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite

* Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite

* Customizing New-AzMobileNetworkSite

* Update examples

* Update examples

* Update logic

* Update logic

* Update logic

* Update logic

* Added some comments

src/MobileNetwork/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.MobileNetwork
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the MobileNetwork service.

---
## Status
[![Az.MobileNetwork](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Az.MobileNetwork.svg?style=flat-square&label=Az.MobileNetwork "Az.MobileNetwork")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.MobileNetwork/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.MobileNetwork`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 933dbc070dda85e2d115dc42893f07b2ed5b74f6
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md 
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/attachedDataNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/common.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/dataNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/mobileNetwork.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/operation.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/packetCoreControlPlane.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/packetCoreDataPlane.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/service.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/sim.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/simGroup.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/simPolicy.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/site.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/slice.json
  - $(repo)/specification/mobilenetwork/resource-manager/Microsoft.MobileNetwork/stable/2022-11-01/ts29571.json

module-version: 0.1.0
title: MobileNetwork
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

resourcegroup-append: true
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true

directive:
  # Change interopSettings type from <IAny> to <HashTable>
  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions.PacketCoreControlPlanePropertiesFormat.properties.interopSettings
    transform: >-
      return {
        "type": "object",
        "additionalProperties": true,
        "description": "Settings to allow interoperability with third party components e.g. RANs and UEs."
      }

  # Remove parameters from swagger file
  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions
    transform: delete $.CoreNetworkTypeRm
  - from: swagger-document 
    where: $.definitions
    transform: delete $.PduSessionTypeRm

  # Replace [`default`] with ['default']
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`default\`/g, "'default'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`requested\`/g, "'requested'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`service\`/g, "'service'")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/\`any\`/g, "'any'")

  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^BulkViaIdentity$|^Bulk$|^Collect$|^CollectViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true

  - where:
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: AttachedDataNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^DataNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: DataNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^PacketCoreControlPlaneTag$
    set:
      subject: PacketCoreControlPlane
  - where:
      subject: ^PacketCoreDataPlaneTag$
    set:
      subject: PacketCoreDataPlane
  - where:
      subject: ^ServiceTag$
    set:
      subject: Service
  - where:
      subject: ^SimGroupTag$
    set:
      subject: SimGroup
  - where:
      subject: ^SimPolicyTag$
    set:
      subject: SimPolicy
  - where:
      subject: ^SiteTag$
    set:
      subject: Site
  - where:
      subject: ^SlouseTag$
    set:
      subject: Slouse
  - where:
      subject: ^MobileNetworkTag$
    set:
      subject: MobileNetwork
  - where:
      subject: ^Slouse$
    set:
      subject: Slice

  - where:
      parameter-name: DefaultSlouseId
    set:
      parameter-name: DefaultSliceId

  # Due to business requirements, the logic of some commands is customized and they need to be hidden
  - where:
      verb: Update
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetwork$|^DataNetwork$|^PacketCoreControlPlane$|^PacketCoreDataPlane$|^Service$|^SimGroup$|^SimPolicy$|^Slice$
      variant: ^UpdateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Update
      subject: ^AttachedDataNetwork$|^DataNetwork$|^PacketCoreControlPlane$|^PacketCoreDataPlane$|^Service$|^SimGroup$|^SimPolicy$|^Slice$
    hide: true
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: ^Site$
    hide: true

  # Due to business needs, some commands are deleted and not exposed to the public
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimDelete$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimUpload$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^BulkSimUploadEncrypted$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^CollectPacketCoreControlPlaneDiagnosticPackage$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^ReinstallPacketCoreControlPlane$
    remove: true
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^RollbackPacketCoreControlPlane$
    remove: true

  # Some of the parameters are of type Object and need to be expanded into a command for the convenience of the user
  # The following are commented out and their generated cmdlets may be renamed and custom logic
  # Do not delete this code
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #     - SliceConfiguration  # SlouseId -> SliceId
  #     - DataNetworkConfiguration
  #     - ServiceResourceId
  #     - SiteResourceId
  #     - SimStaticIPProperties # SlouseId -> SliceId
  #     - PccRuleConfiguration
  #     - ServiceDataFlowTemplate

  - where:
      model-name: MobileNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - PublicLandMobileNetworkIdentifierMcc
          - PublicLandMobileNetworkIdentifierMnc
  - where:
      model-name: Site
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: Slice
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - SnssaiSst
          - SnssaiSd
  - where:
      model-name: Service
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - Precedence
          - MaximumBitRateDownlink
          - MaximumBitRateUplink
          - QoPolicyAllocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel
          - QoPolicyFiveQi
  - where:
      model-name: DataNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: SimPolicy
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
          - RegistrationTimer
          - UeAmbrDownlink
          - UeAmbrUplink
  - where:
      model-name: SimGroup
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreControlPlane
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreDataPlane
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: AttachedDataNetwork
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: Sim
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PacketCoreControlPlaneVersion
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
```
