src/Kusto/docs/Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/get-azkustodatabaseprincipal
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal

## SYNOPSIS
Returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: List of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database
```powershell
Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal -ResourceGroupName testrg -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase
```

```output
AppId Email                   Fqn                                                                               Name        Role  TenantName Type
----- -----                   ---                                                                               ----        ----  ---------- ----
      someuser@microsoft.com  aaduser=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx;xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx Some User   Admin Microsoft  User
      otheruser@microsoft.com aaduser=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx;xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx Other User  Admin Microsoft  User
```

The above command returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database

## PARAMETERS

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20220201.IDatabasePrincipal

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

User/michaelshikh/2022 12 29 (#21222)
* DataConnections - fix DataFormat parameter type

* Upgrade to Api20221229

* New-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add missing properties

* Invoke-AzKustoDataConnectionValidation.ps1 & Update-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add missing properties

* New-AzKustoDatabase.ps1 Update-AzKustoDatabase.ps1 introduce callerRole

* return module version to original one

* fix mandatory fields

* New-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 Update-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add cosmosDb data connection

* wip new deployment file

* wip begin cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* replace utils

* update utils.ps1

* updating some failing tests

* update arm templates

* fix some failing tests

* new output for arm template

* fix test

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* generate new module + recordings

* wip

* move clusters to dev clusters

* sku capacity 1

* complete recording

* rename EventSystemProperties back to EventSystemProperty

* Add an example for Get-AzKustoSku

* bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename

* bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename

* add parameter set breaking changes

* Revert "bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename"

This reverts commit 2a89f270cf2b786765b74c2ee0903dcf4ace976e.

src/Kusto/docs/Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/get-azkustodatabaseprincipal
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal

## SYNOPSIS
Returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: List of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database
```powershell
Get-AzKustoDatabasePrincipal -ResourceGroupName testrg -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase
```

```output
AppId Email                   Fqn                                                                               Name        Role  TenantName Type
----- -----                   ---                                                                               ----        ----  ---------- ----
      someuser@microsoft.com  aaduser=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx;xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx Some User   Admin Microsoft  User
      otheruser@microsoft.com aaduser=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx;xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx Other User  Admin Microsoft  User
```

The above command returns a list of database principals of the given Kusto cluster and database

## PARAMETERS

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20221229.IDatabasePrincipal

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
