src/Kusto/docs/New-AzKustoScript.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/new-azkustoscript
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzKustoScript

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a Kusto database script.

## SYNTAX

### CreateExpanded (Default)
```
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-ContinueOnError] [-ForceUpdateTag <String>] [-ScriptContent <String>] [-ScriptUrl <String>]
 [-ScriptUrlSasToken <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Create
```
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -Parameter <IScript> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a Kusto database script.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a Kusto database script
```powershell
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase -Name newkustoscript -ResourceGroupName testrg -ScriptUrl $BlobSASURL -ScriptUrlSasToken $BlobSASToken
```

```output
Name                                               Type
----                                               ----
testnewkustocluster/mykustodatabase/newkustoscript Microsoft.Kusto/Clusters/Databases/Scripts
```

The above command creates a Kusto database script named "newkustocript" in the resource group "testrg".


## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ContinueOnError
Flag that indicates whether to continue if one of the command fails.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceUpdateTag
A unique string.
If changed the script will be applied again.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Kusto database script.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ScriptName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Parameter
Class representing a database script.
To construct, see NOTES section for PARAMETER properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20220201.IScript
Parameter Sets: Create
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptContent
The script content.
This property should be used when the script is provide inline and not through file in a SA.
Must not be used together with scriptUrl and scriptUrlSasToken properties.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptUrl
The url to the KQL script blob file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptUrlSasToken
The SaS token.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20220201.IScript

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20220201.IScript

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


PARAMETER <IScript>: Class representing a database script.
- `[ContinueOnError <Boolean?>]`: Flag that indicates whether to continue if one of the command fails.
- `[Content <String>]`: The script content. This property should be used when the script is provide inline and not through file in a SA. Must not be used together with scriptUrl and scriptUrlSasToken properties.
- `[ForceUpdateTag <String>]`: A unique string. If changed the script will be applied again.
- `[SystemDataCreatedAt <DateTime?>]`: The timestamp of resource creation (UTC).
- `[SystemDataCreatedBy <String>]`: The identity that created the resource.
- `[SystemDataCreatedByType <CreatedByType?>]`: The type of identity that created the resource.
- `[SystemDataLastModifiedAt <DateTime?>]`: The timestamp of resource last modification (UTC)
- `[SystemDataLastModifiedBy <String>]`: The identity that last modified the resource.
- `[SystemDataLastModifiedByType <CreatedByType?>]`: The type of identity that last modified the resource.
- `[Url <String>]`: The url to the KQL script blob file. Must not be used together with scriptContent property
- `[UrlSasToken <String>]`: The SaS token.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

User/michaelshikh/2022 12 29 (#21222)
* DataConnections - fix DataFormat parameter type

* Upgrade to Api20221229

* New-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add missing properties

* Invoke-AzKustoDataConnectionValidation.ps1 & Update-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add missing properties

* New-AzKustoDatabase.ps1 Update-AzKustoDatabase.ps1 introduce callerRole

* return module version to original one

* fix mandatory fields

* New-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 Update-AzKustoDataConnection.ps1 add cosmosDb data connection

* wip new deployment file

* wip begin cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* wip continue cleanup of env

* replace utils

* update utils.ps1

* updating some failing tests

* update arm templates

* fix some failing tests

* new output for arm template

* fix test

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* fix all tests

* generate new module + recordings

* wip

* move clusters to dev clusters

* sku capacity 1

* complete recording

* rename EventSystemProperties back to EventSystemProperty

* Add an example for Get-AzKustoSku

* bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename

* bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename

* add parameter set breaking changes

* Revert "bypass breaking change of DataFormatType rename"

This reverts commit 2a89f270cf2b786765b74c2ee0903dcf4ace976e.

src/Kusto/docs/New-AzKustoScript.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/new-azkustoscript
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzKustoScript

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a Kusto database script.

## SYNTAX

### CreateExpanded (Default)
```
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-ContinueOnError] [-ForceUpdateTag <String>] [-ScriptContent <String>]
 [-ScriptUrl <String>] [-ScriptUrlSasToken <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Create
```
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -Parameter <IScript> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a Kusto database script.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a Kusto database script
```powershell
New-AzKustoScript -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase -Name newkustoscript -ResourceGroupName testrg -ScriptUrl $BlobSASURL -ScriptUrlSasToken $BlobSASToken
```

```output
Name                                               Type
----                                               ----
testnewkustocluster/mykustodatabase/newkustoscript Microsoft.Kusto/Clusters/Databases/Scripts
```

The above command creates a Kusto database script named "newkustocript" in the resource group "testrg".

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ContinueOnError
Flag that indicates whether to continue if one of the command fails.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceUpdateTag
A unique string.
If changed the script will be applied again.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Kusto database script.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ScriptName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Parameter
Class representing a database script.
To construct, see NOTES section for PARAMETER properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20221229.IScript
Parameter Sets: Create
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptContent
The script content.
This property should be used when the script is provide inline and not through file in a SA.
Must not be used together with scriptUrl and scriptUrlSasToken properties.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptUrl
The url to the KQL script blob file.
Must not be used together with scriptContent property

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScriptUrlSasToken
The SaS token that provide read access to the file which contain the script.
Must be provided when using scriptUrl property.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20221229.IScript

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api20221229.IScript

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`PARAMETER <IScript>`: Class representing a database script.
  - `[AzureAsyncOperation <String>]`: 
  - `[Content <String>]`: The script content. This property should be used when the script is provide inline and not through file in a SA. Must not be used together with scriptUrl and scriptUrlSasToken properties.
  - `[ContinueOnError <Boolean?>]`: Flag that indicates whether to continue if one of the command fails.
  - `[ForceUpdateTag <String>]`: A unique string. If changed the script will be applied again.
  - `[SystemDataCreatedAt <DateTime?>]`: The timestamp of resource creation (UTC).
  - `[SystemDataCreatedBy <String>]`: The identity that created the resource.
  - `[SystemDataCreatedByType <CreatedByType?>]`: The type of identity that created the resource.
  - `[SystemDataLastModifiedAt <DateTime?>]`: The timestamp of resource last modification (UTC)
  - `[SystemDataLastModifiedBy <String>]`: The identity that last modified the resource.
  - `[SystemDataLastModifiedByType <CreatedByType?>]`: The type of identity that last modified the resource.
  - `[Url <String>]`: The url to the KQL script blob file. Must not be used together with scriptContent property
  - `[UrlSasToken <String>]`: The SaS token that provide read access to the file which contain the script. Must be provided when using scriptUrl property.

## RELATED LINKS
