src/Network/NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Autorest/docs/Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.network/get-aznetworksecurityperimeterprofile
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the specified NSP profile.

## SYNTAX

### List (Default)
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -ResourceGroupName <String> -SecurityPerimeterName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-SkipToken <String>] [-Top <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Get
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -SecurityPerimeterName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetViaIdentity
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -InputObject <INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity>
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets the specified NSP profile.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name
```powershell

 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1
eastus2euap profile2


```

Lists NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile

### Example 2: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name
```powershell

 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name profile1 -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1


```

Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name

### Example 3: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by identity (using pipe)
```powershell

 $GETObj = Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name profile1 -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3
 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -InputObject $GETObj

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1


```

Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by identity (using pipe)

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity
Parameter Sets: GetViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the NSP profile.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases: ProfileName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecurityPerimeterName
The name of the network security perimeter.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases: NetworkSecurityPerimeterName, NSPName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipToken
SkipToken is only used if a previous operation returned a partial result.
If a previous response contains a nextLink element, the value of the nextLink element will include a skipToken parameter that specifies a starting point to use for subsequent calls.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The subscription credentials which uniquely identify the Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Top
An optional query parameter which specifies the maximum number of records to be returned by the server.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.Api20210201Preview.INspProfile

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[AccessRuleName <String>]`: The name of the NSP access rule.
  - `[AssociationName <String>]`: The name of the NSP association.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The location of network security perimeter.
  - `[NetworkSecurityPerimeterName <String>]`: The name of the network security perimeter.
  - `[ProfileName <String>]`: The name of the NSP profile.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The subscription credentials which uniquely identify the Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Nsp Link and Link Reference (#21218)
* Update README.md

* Add link, link reference docs, test template

* modify Update-AccessRule command for SMS/Email

* SMS/Email test case add

* Add Update commands

* Add link create, get tests, rg name changed to variable, association delete remove code

* Add test for link delete and link reference get

* Add test cases

* Add tests

* Add link examples

* Add docs

* swagger spec changed to remote

* Update link create update parameters

* Cleanups, change version to 0.1.0

---------

Co-authored-by: Kaushal Kumar <kumarkaushal@microsoft.com>

src/Network/NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Autorest/docs/Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.network/get-aznetworksecurityperimeterprofile
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the specified NSP profile.

## SYNTAX

### List (Default)
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -ResourceGroupName <String> -SecurityPerimeterName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-SkipToken <String>] [-Top <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Get
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -SecurityPerimeterName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetViaIdentity
```
Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -InputObject <INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity>
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets the specified NSP profile.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name
```powershell

 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1
eastus2euap profile2


```

Lists NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile

### Example 2: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name
```powershell

 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name profile1 -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1


```

Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by Name

### Example 3: Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by identity (using pipe)
```powershell

 $GETObj = Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -Name profile1 -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroup-1 -SecurityPerimeterName nsp3
 Get-AzNetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile -InputObject $GETObj

```

```output

Location    Name
--------    ----
eastus2euap profile1


```

Gets a NetworkSecurityPerimeterProfile by identity (using pipe)

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity
Parameter Sets: GetViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the NSP profile.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases: ProfileName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecurityPerimeterName
The name of the network security perimeter.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases: NetworkSecurityPerimeterName, NSPName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipToken
SkipToken is only used if a previous operation returned a partial result.
If a previous response contains a nextLink element, the value of the nextLink element will include a skipToken parameter that specifies a starting point to use for subsequent calls.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The subscription credentials which uniquely identify the Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Top
An optional query parameter which specifies the maximum number of records to be returned by the server.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.NetworkSecurityPerimeter.Models.Api20210201Preview.INspProfile

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <INetworkSecurityPerimeterIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[AccessRuleName <String>]`: The name of the NSP access rule.
  - `[AssociationName <String>]`: The name of the NSP association.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[LinkName <String>]`: The name of the NSP link.
  - `[LinkReferenceName <String>]`: The name of the NSP linkReference.
  - `[Location <String>]`: The location of network security perimeter.
  - `[NetworkSecurityPerimeterName <String>]`: The name of the network security perimeter.
  - `[ProfileName <String>]`: The name of the NSP profile.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The subscription credentials which uniquely identify the Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

## RELATED LINKS
