src/DataMigration/DataMigration.Autorest/docs/Az.DataMigration.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.DataMigration
Module Guid: e23fee23-903d-423e-9275-f8763efede9d
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.datamigration
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.DataMigration Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: DataMigration cmdlets

## Az.DataMigration Cmdlets
### [Get-AzDataMigrationAssessment](Get-AzDataMigrationAssessment.md)
Start assessment on SQL Server instance(s)

### [Get-AzDataMigrationPerformanceDataCollection](Get-AzDataMigrationPerformanceDataCollection.md)
Collect performance data for given SQL Server instance(s)

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSkuRecommendation](Get-AzDataMigrationSkuRecommendation.md)
Gives SKU recommendations for Azure SQL offerings

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Retrieve the Database Migration Service.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey.md)
Retrieve the List of Authentication Keys for Self Hosted Integration Runtime.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceIntegrationRuntimeMetric](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceIntegrationRuntimeMetric.md)
Retrieve the registered Integration Runtime nodes and their monitoring data for a given Database Migration Service

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceMigration](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceMigration.md)
Retrieve the List of database migrations attached to the service.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL Db.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL Managed Instance.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL VM.

### [Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlManagedInstance](Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Initiate cutover for in-progress online database migration to SQL Managed Instance.

### [Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlVM](Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlVM.md)
Initiate cutover for in-progress online database migration to SQL VM.

### [New-AzDataMigrationLoginsMigration](New-AzDataMigrationLoginsMigration.md)
Migrate logins from the source Sql Servers to the target Azure Sql Servers.

### [New-AzDataMigrationSqlService](New-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Create or Update Database Migration Service.

### [New-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey](New-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey.md)
Regenerate a new set of Authentication Keys for Self Hosted Integration Runtime.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL Db.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL Managed Instance.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL VM.

### [Register-AzDataMigrationIntegrationRuntime](Register-AzDataMigrationIntegrationRuntime.md)
Registers Sql Migration Service on Integration Runtime

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Delete Database Migration Service.

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceNode](Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceNode.md)
Delete the integration runtime node.

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Remove-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Remove the specified database migration for a given SQL Db.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL Db.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL Managed Instance.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL VM.

### [Update-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Update-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Update Database Migration Service.

Commit message:

Add New-AzDataMigrationTdeCertificateMigration Cmdlet (#21346)
* Added New-AzDataMigrationTdeCertificateMigration

* Export New-AzDataMigrationTdeCertificateMigration

* Add generated files

* Added unit test

* Removed SupportsShouldProcess

* Support multiple database names

* Updated documentation

* Added example

* Added support for TDE Console App NuGet

* Extract latest NuGet

* Download latest version of NuGet from NuGet.org

* Added error handling logic

* Changed parameter type

* Updated example and documentation

* Handle case of unsuccessful NuGet upgrades

* Added support for ShouldProcess

* Use SecureString

src/DataMigration/DataMigration.Autorest/docs/Az.DataMigration.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.DataMigration
Module Guid: e23fee23-903d-423e-9275-f8763efede9d
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.datamigration
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.DataMigration Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: DataMigration cmdlets

## Az.DataMigration Cmdlets
### [Get-AzDataMigrationAssessment](Get-AzDataMigrationAssessment.md)
Start assessment on SQL Server instance(s)

### [Get-AzDataMigrationPerformanceDataCollection](Get-AzDataMigrationPerformanceDataCollection.md)
Collect performance data for given SQL Server instance(s)

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSkuRecommendation](Get-AzDataMigrationSkuRecommendation.md)
Gives SKU recommendations for Azure SQL offerings

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Retrieve the Database Migration Service.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey.md)
Retrieve the List of Authentication Keys for Self Hosted Integration Runtime.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceIntegrationRuntimeMetric](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceIntegrationRuntimeMetric.md)
Retrieve the registered Integration Runtime nodes and their monitoring data for a given Database Migration Service

### [Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceMigration](Get-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceMigration.md)
Retrieve the List of database migrations attached to the service.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL Db.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL Managed Instance.

### [Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](Get-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Retrieve the specified database migration for a given SQL VM.

### [Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlManagedInstance](Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Initiate cutover for in-progress online database migration to SQL Managed Instance.

### [Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlVM](Invoke-AzDataMigrationCutoverToSqlVM.md)
Initiate cutover for in-progress online database migration to SQL VM.

### [New-AzDataMigrationLoginsMigration](New-AzDataMigrationLoginsMigration.md)
Migrate logins from the source Sql Servers to the target Azure Sql Servers.

### [New-AzDataMigrationSqlService](New-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Create or Update Database Migration Service.

### [New-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey](New-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceAuthKey.md)
Regenerate a new set of Authentication Keys for Self Hosted Integration Runtime.

### [New-AzDataMigrationTdeCertificateMigration](New-AzDataMigrationTdeCertificateMigration.md)
Migrate TDE certificate from source SQL Server to the target Azure SQL Server.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL Db.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL Managed Instance.

### [New-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](New-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Create a new database migration to a given SQL VM.

### [Register-AzDataMigrationIntegrationRuntime](Register-AzDataMigrationIntegrationRuntime.md)
Registers Sql Migration Service on Integration Runtime

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Delete Database Migration Service.

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceNode](Remove-AzDataMigrationSqlServiceNode.md)
Delete the integration runtime node.

### [Remove-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Remove-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Remove the specified database migration for a given SQL Db.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlDb.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL Db.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlManagedInstance.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL Managed Instance.

### [Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM](Stop-AzDataMigrationToSqlVM.md)
Stop in-progress database migration to SQL VM.

### [Update-AzDataMigrationSqlService](Update-AzDataMigrationSqlService.md)
Update Database Migration Service.
