src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/get-azservicebusprivatelink
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink

## SYNOPSIS
Gets lists of resources that supports Privatelinks.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String[]>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets lists of resources that supports Privatelinks.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get private links associated with a ServiceBus namespace
```powershell
Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace
```

```output
GroupId          : namespace
Id               : subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myNamespace/privateLinkResources/namespace
Name             : namespace
RequiredMember   : {namespace}
RequiredZoneName : {privatelink.servicebus.windows.net}
Type             : Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/privateLinkResources
```

Gets private link resources available on ServiceBus namespace `myNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IPrivateLinkResourcesListResult

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[EventHubs]: NamespaceV2 cmdlet aliased with Namespace (#21746)
* Namespace aliased

* doc fixes

src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/get-azservicebusprivatelink
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink

## SYNOPSIS
Gets lists of resources that supports Privatelinks.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String[]>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets lists of resources that supports Privatelinks.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get private links associated with a ServiceBus namespace
```powershell
Get-AzServiceBusPrivateLink -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace
```

```output
GroupId          : namespace
Id               : subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myNamespace/privateLinkResources/namespace
Name             : namespace
RequiredMember   : {namespace}
RequiredZoneName : {privatelink.servicebus.windows.net}
Type             : Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/privateLinkResources
```

Gets private link resources available on ServiceBus namespace `myNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IPrivateLinkResourcesListResult

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
