src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusQueue.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebusqueue
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusQueue

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates a Service Bus queue.
This operation is idempotent.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusQueue -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AutoDeleteOnIdle <TimeSpan>] [-DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration]
 [-DefaultMessageTimeToLive <TimeSpan>] [-DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow <TimeSpan>]
 [-EnableBatchedOperations] [-EnableExpress] [-EnablePartitioning] [-ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo <String>]
 [-ForwardTo <String>] [-LockDuration <TimeSpan>] [-MaxDeliveryCount <Int32>]
 [-MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes <Int64>] [-MaxSizeInMegabytes <Int32>] [-RequiresDuplicateDetection]
 [-RequiresSession] [-Status <EntityStatus>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates a Service Bus queue.
This operation is idempotent.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a new ServiceBus queue
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusQueue -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -Name myQueue -AutoDeleteOnIdle (New-TimeSpan -Days 1 -Minutes 3 -Seconds 4) -DefaultMessageTimeToLive (New-TimeSpan -Days 5) -EnablePartitioning
```

```output
AccessedAt                                : 1/1/0001 12:00:00 AM
AutoDeleteOnIdle                          : 1.00:03:04
CountDetailActiveMessageCount             : 0
CountDetailDeadLetterMessageCount         : 0
CountDetailScheduledMessageCount          : 0
CountDetailTransferDeadLetterMessageCount : 0
CountDetailTransferMessageCount           : 0
CreatedAt                                 : 9/22/2022 12:30:45 PM
DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration          : False
DefaultMessageTimeToLive                  : 5.00:00:00
DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow       : 00:10:00
EnableBatchedOperations                   : True
EnableExpress                             : False
EnablePartitioning                        : True
ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo             :
ForwardTo                                 :
Id                                        : /subscriptions/326100e2-f69d-4268-8503-075374f62b6e/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myNamespace/queues/myQueue
Location                                  : westus
LockDuration                              : 00:01:00
MaxDeliveryCount                          : 10
MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes                 : 1024
MaxSizeInMegabytes                        : 1024
MessageCount                              : 0
Name                                      : myQueue
RequiresDuplicateDetection                : False
RequiresSession                           : False
ResourceGroupName                         : myResourceGroup
SizeInByte                                : 0
Status                                    : Active
```

Creates a ServiceBus queue `myQueue` in namespace `myNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoDeleteOnIdle
Idle interval after which the queue is automatically deleted.
The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration
A value that indicates whether this queue has dead letter support when a message expires.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultMessageTimeToLive
This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus.
This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow
Defines the duration of the duplicate detection history.
The default value is 10 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableBatchedOperations
Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableExpress
A value that indicates whether Express Entities are enabled.
An express queue holds a message in memory temporarily before writing it to persistent storage.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnablePartitioning
A value that indicates whether the queue is to be partitioned across multiple message brokers.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the Dead Letter message

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the messages

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LockDuration
Timespan duration of a peek-lock; that is, the amount of time that the message is locked for other receivers.
The maximum value for LockDuration is 5 minutes; the default value is 1 minute.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxDeliveryCount
The maximum delivery count.
A message is automatically deadlettered after this number of deliveries.
default value is 10.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes
Maximum size (in KB) of the message payload that can be accepted by the queue.
This property is only used in Premium today and default is 1024.

```yaml
Type: System.Int64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxSizeInMegabytes
The maximum size of the queue in megabytes, which is the size of memory allocated for the queue.
Default is 1024.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The queue name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: QueueName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresDuplicateDetection
A value indicating if this queue requires duplicate detection.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresSession
A value that indicates whether the queue supports the concept of sessions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Support.EntityStatus
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.ISbQueue

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[EventHubs]: NamespaceV2 cmdlet aliased with Namespace (#21746)
* Namespace aliased

* doc fixes

src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusQueue.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebusqueue
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusQueue

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates a Service Bus queue.
This operation is idempotent.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusQueue -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AutoDeleteOnIdle <TimeSpan>] [-DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration]
 [-DefaultMessageTimeToLive <TimeSpan>] [-DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow <TimeSpan>]
 [-EnableBatchedOperations] [-EnableExpress] [-EnablePartitioning] [-ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo <String>]
 [-ForwardTo <String>] [-LockDuration <TimeSpan>] [-MaxDeliveryCount <Int32>]
 [-MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes <Int64>] [-MaxSizeInMegabytes <Int32>] [-RequiresDuplicateDetection]
 [-RequiresSession] [-Status <EntityStatus>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates a Service Bus queue.
This operation is idempotent.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a new ServiceBus queue
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusQueue -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -Name myQueue -AutoDeleteOnIdle (New-TimeSpan -Days 1 -Minutes 3 -Seconds 4) -DefaultMessageTimeToLive (New-TimeSpan -Days 5) -EnablePartitioning
```

```output
AccessedAt                                : 1/1/0001 12:00:00 AM
AutoDeleteOnIdle                          : 1.00:03:04
CountDetailActiveMessageCount             : 0
CountDetailDeadLetterMessageCount         : 0
CountDetailScheduledMessageCount          : 0
CountDetailTransferDeadLetterMessageCount : 0
CountDetailTransferMessageCount           : 0
CreatedAt                                 : 9/22/2022 12:30:45 PM
DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration          : False
DefaultMessageTimeToLive                  : 5.00:00:00
DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow       : 00:10:00
EnableBatchedOperations                   : True
EnableExpress                             : False
EnablePartitioning                        : True
ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo             :
ForwardTo                                 :
Id                                        : /subscriptions/326100e2-f69d-4268-8503-075374f62b6e/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myNamespace/queues/myQueue
Location                                  : westus
LockDuration                              : 00:01:00
MaxDeliveryCount                          : 10
MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes                 : 1024
MaxSizeInMegabytes                        : 1024
MessageCount                              : 0
Name                                      : myQueue
RequiresDuplicateDetection                : False
RequiresSession                           : False
ResourceGroupName                         : myResourceGroup
SizeInByte                                : 0
Status                                    : Active
```

Creates a ServiceBus queue `myQueue` in namespace `myNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoDeleteOnIdle
Idle interval after which the queue is automatically deleted.
The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration
A value that indicates whether this queue has dead letter support when a message expires.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultMessageTimeToLive
This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus.
This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow
Defines the duration of the duplicate detection history.
The default value is 10 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableBatchedOperations
Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableExpress
A value that indicates whether Express Entities are enabled.
An express queue holds a message in memory temporarily before writing it to persistent storage.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnablePartitioning
A value that indicates whether the queue is to be partitioned across multiple message brokers.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the Dead Letter message

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the messages

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LockDuration
Timespan duration of a peek-lock; that is, the amount of time that the message is locked for other receivers.
The maximum value for LockDuration is 5 minutes; the default value is 1 minute.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxDeliveryCount
The maximum delivery count.
A message is automatically deadlettered after this number of deliveries.
default value is 10.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxMessageSizeInKilobytes
Maximum size (in KB) of the message payload that can be accepted by the queue.
This property is only used in Premium today and default is 1024.

```yaml
Type: System.Int64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxSizeInMegabytes
The maximum size of the queue in megabytes, which is the size of memory allocated for the queue.
Default is 1024.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The queue name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: QueueName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresDuplicateDetection
A value indicating if this queue requires duplicate detection.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresSession
A value that indicates whether the queue supports the concept of sessions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Support.EntityStatus
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.ISbQueue

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
