src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebusgeodrconfiguration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates a new Alias(Disaster Recovery configuration)

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AlternateName <String>] [-PartnerNamespace <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates a new Alias(Disaster Recovery configuration)

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a disaster recovery Alias
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration -Name myAlias -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myPrimaryNamespace -PartnerNamespace "/subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/mySecondaryNamespace"
```

```output
AlternateName                     :
Id                                : /subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myPrimaryNamespace/disasterRecoveryCon
                                    figs/myAlias
Location                          :
Name                              : myAlias
PartnerNamespace                  : /subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/mySecondaryNamespace
PendingReplicationOperationsCount :
ProvisioningState                 : Succeeded
ResourceGroupName                 : myResourceGroup
Role                              : Primary
```

Creates a Disaster Recovery configuration which sets `mySecondaryNamespace` as secondary to `myPrimaryNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AlternateName
Primary/Secondary eventhub namespace name, which is part of GEO DR pairing

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The Disaster Recovery configuration name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PartnerNamespace
ARM Id of the Primary/Secondary eventhub namespace name, which is part of GEO DR pairing

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IArmDisasterRecovery

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[EventHubs]: NamespaceV2 cmdlet aliased with Namespace (#21746)
* Namespace aliased

* doc fixes

src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebusgeodrconfiguration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates a new Alias(Disaster Recovery configuration)

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AlternateName <String>] [-PartnerNamespace <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates a new Alias(Disaster Recovery configuration)

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a disaster recovery Alias
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusGeoDRConfiguration -Name myAlias -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myPrimaryNamespace -PartnerNamespace "/subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/mySecondaryNamespace"
```

```output
AlternateName                     :
Id                                : /subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myPrimaryNamespace/disasterRecoveryCon
                                    figs/myAlias
Location                          :
Name                              : myAlias
PartnerNamespace                  : /subscriptions/0000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/mySecondaryNamespace
PendingReplicationOperationsCount :
ProvisioningState                 : Succeeded
ResourceGroupName                 : myResourceGroup
Role                              : Primary
```

Creates a Disaster Recovery configuration which sets `mySecondaryNamespace` as secondary to `myPrimaryNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AlternateName
Primary/Secondary eventhub namespace name, which is part of GEO DR pairing

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The Disaster Recovery configuration name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PartnerNamespace
ARM Id of the Primary/Secondary eventhub namespace name, which is part of GEO DR pairing

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IArmDisasterRecovery

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
