src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusSubscription.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebussubscription
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusSubscription

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a topic subscription.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusSubscription -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -TopicName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AutoDeleteOnIdle <TimeSpan>] [-ClientId <String>]
 [-DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException] [-DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration]
 [-DefaultMessageTimeToLive <TimeSpan>] [-DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow <TimeSpan>]
 [-EnableBatchedOperations] [-ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo <String>] [-ForwardTo <String>] [-IsClientAffine]
 [-IsDurable] [-IsShared] [-LockDuration <TimeSpan>] [-MaxDeliveryCount <Int32>] [-RequiresSession]
 [-Status <EntityStatus>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a topic subscription.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a new ServiceBus subscription
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusSubscription -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -TopicName myTopic -Name mySubscription -DefaultMessageTimeToLive (New-TimeSpan -Days 6) -EnableBatchedOperations
```

```output
AccessedAt                                : 1/1/0001 12:00:00 AM
AutoDeleteOnIdle                          : 10675199.02:48:05.4775807
ClientId                                  :
CountDetailActiveMessageCount             : 0
CountDetailDeadLetterMessageCount         : 0
CountDetailScheduledMessageCount          : 0
CountDetailTransferDeadLetterMessageCount : 0
CountDetailTransferMessageCount           : 0
CreatedAt                                 : 9/23/2022 2:37:46 PM
DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException  : True
DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration          : False
DefaultMessageTimeToLive                  : 6.00:00:00
DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow       :
EnableBatchedOperations                   : True
ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo             :
ForwardTo                                 :
Id                                        : /subscriptions/326100e2-f69d-4268-8503-075374f62b6e/resourceGroups/damorg/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/testlatests
                                            bmsi/topics/a/subscriptions/testsub
IsClientAffine                            : False
IsDurable                                 :
IsShared                                  :
Location                                  : westus
LockDuration                              : 00:01:00
MaxDeliveryCount                          : 10
MessageCount                              : 0
Name                                      : testsub
RequiresSession                           : False
ResourceGroupName                         : damorg
Status                                    : Active
```

Creates a new ServiceBus subscription `mySubscription` under topic `myTopic`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoDeleteOnIdle
Idle interval after which the queue is automatically deleted.
The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientId
Indicates the Client ID of the application that created the client-affine subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException
Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support on filter evaluation exceptions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration
Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support when a message expires.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultMessageTimeToLive
This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus.
This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow
Defines the duration of the duplicate detection history.
The default value is 10 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableBatchedOperations
Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the Dead Letter message

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the messages

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsClientAffine
Value that indicates whether the subscription has an affinity to the client id.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsDurable
For client-affine subscriptions, this value indicates whether the subscription is durable or not.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsShared
For client-affine subscriptions, this value indicates whether the subscription is shared or not.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LockDuration
Timespan duration of a peek-lock; that is, the amount of time that the message is locked for other receivers.
The maximum value for LockDuration is 5 minutes; the default value is 1 minute.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxDeliveryCount
Number of maximum deliveries.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The subscription name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: SubscriptionName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresSession
Value indicating if a subscription supports the concept of sessions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Support.EntityStatus
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TopicName
The topic name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.ISbSubscription

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[EventHubs]: NamespaceV2 cmdlet aliased with Namespace (#21746)
* Namespace aliased

* doc fixes

src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/New-AzServiceBusSubscription.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/new-azservicebussubscription
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzServiceBusSubscription

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a topic subscription.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzServiceBusSubscription -Name <String> -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -TopicName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AutoDeleteOnIdle <TimeSpan>] [-ClientId <String>]
 [-DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException] [-DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration]
 [-DefaultMessageTimeToLive <TimeSpan>] [-DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow <TimeSpan>]
 [-EnableBatchedOperations] [-ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo <String>] [-ForwardTo <String>] [-IsClientAffine]
 [-IsDurable] [-IsShared] [-LockDuration <TimeSpan>] [-MaxDeliveryCount <Int32>] [-RequiresSession]
 [-Status <EntityStatus>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a topic subscription.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a new ServiceBus subscription
```powershell
New-AzServiceBusSubscription -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -TopicName myTopic -Name mySubscription -DefaultMessageTimeToLive (New-TimeSpan -Days 6) -EnableBatchedOperations
```

```output
AccessedAt                                : 1/1/0001 12:00:00 AM
AutoDeleteOnIdle                          : 10675199.02:48:05.4775807
ClientId                                  :
CountDetailActiveMessageCount             : 0
CountDetailDeadLetterMessageCount         : 0
CountDetailScheduledMessageCount          : 0
CountDetailTransferDeadLetterMessageCount : 0
CountDetailTransferMessageCount           : 0
CreatedAt                                 : 9/23/2022 2:37:46 PM
DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException  : True
DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration          : False
DefaultMessageTimeToLive                  : 6.00:00:00
DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow       :
EnableBatchedOperations                   : True
ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo             :
ForwardTo                                 :
Id                                        : /subscriptions/326100e2-f69d-4268-8503-075374f62b6e/resourceGroups/damorg/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/testlatests
                                            bmsi/topics/a/subscriptions/testsub
IsClientAffine                            : False
IsDurable                                 :
IsShared                                  :
Location                                  : westus
LockDuration                              : 00:01:00
MaxDeliveryCount                          : 10
MessageCount                              : 0
Name                                      : testsub
RequiresSession                           : False
ResourceGroupName                         : damorg
Status                                    : Active
```

Creates a new ServiceBus subscription `mySubscription` under topic `myTopic`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoDeleteOnIdle
Idle interval after which the queue is automatically deleted.
The minimum duration is 5 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientId
Indicates the Client ID of the application that created the client-affine subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnFilterEvaluationException
Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support on filter evaluation exceptions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeadLetteringOnMessageExpiration
Value that indicates whether a subscription has dead letter support when a message expires.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultMessageTimeToLive
This is the duration after which the message expires, starting from when the message is sent to Service Bus.
This is the default value used when TimeToLive is not set on a message itself.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DuplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow
Defines the duration of the duplicate detection history.
The default value is 10 minutes.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableBatchedOperations
Value that indicates whether server-side batched operations are enabled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardDeadLetteredMessagesTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the Dead Letter message

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForwardTo
Queue/Topic name to forward the messages

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsClientAffine
Value that indicates whether the subscription has an affinity to the client id.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsDurable
For client-affine subscriptions, this value indicates whether the subscription is durable or not.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IsShared
For client-affine subscriptions, this value indicates whether the subscription is shared or not.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LockDuration
Timespan duration of a peek-lock; that is, the amount of time that the message is locked for other receivers.
The maximum value for LockDuration is 5 minutes; the default value is 1 minute.

```yaml
Type: System.TimeSpan
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxDeliveryCount
Number of maximum deliveries.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The subscription name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: SubscriptionName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequiresSession
Value indicating if a subscription supports the concept of sessions.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Enumerates the possible values for the status of a messaging entity.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Support.EntityStatus
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TopicName
The topic name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.ISbSubscription

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
