src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/Start-AzServiceBusMigration.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/start-azservicebusmigration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Start-AzServiceBusMigration

## SYNOPSIS
Creates Migration configuration and starts migration of entities from Standard to Premium namespace

## SYNTAX

```
Start-AzServiceBusMigration -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-PostMigrationName <String>] [-TargetNamespace <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates Migration configuration and starts migration of entities from Standard to Premium namespace

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Start a Service Bus migration configuration
```powershell
Start-AzServiceBusMigration -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -PostMigrationName myStandardNamespace2 -TargetNamespace /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myPremiumNamespace
```

```output
Id                                : /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces
                                    /myNamespace/migrationConfigurations/$default
Location                          :
MigrationState                    : Active
Name                              : myNamespace
PendingReplicationOperationsCount :
PostMigrationName                 : myStandardNamespace2
ProvisioningState                 : Succeeded
ResourceGroupName                 : myResourceGroup
SystemDataCreatedAt               :
SystemDataCreatedBy               :
SystemDataCreatedByType           :
SystemDataLastModifiedAt          :
SystemDataLastModifiedBy          :
SystemDataLastModifiedByType      :
TargetNamespace                   : /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces
                                    /myPremiumNamespace
```

Starts a Service Bus migration configuration that links standard namespace `myNamespace` to premium `mySecondaryNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PostMigrationName
Name to access Standard Namespace after migration

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TargetNamespace
Existing premium Namespace ARM Id name which has no entities, will be used for migration

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IMigrationConfigProperties

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

[EventHubs]: NamespaceV2 cmdlet aliased with Namespace (#21746)
* Namespace aliased

* doc fixes

src/ServiceBus/ServiceBus.Autorest/docs/Start-AzServiceBusMigration.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ServiceBus
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.servicebus/start-azservicebusmigration
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Start-AzServiceBusMigration

## SYNOPSIS
Creates Migration configuration and starts migration of entities from Standard to Premium namespace

## SYNTAX

```
Start-AzServiceBusMigration -NamespaceName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-PostMigrationName <String>] [-TargetNamespace <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates Migration configuration and starts migration of entities from Standard to Premium namespace

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Start a Service Bus migration configuration
```powershell
Start-AzServiceBusMigration -ResourceGroupName myResourceGroup -NamespaceName myNamespace -PostMigrationName myStandardNamespace2 -TargetNamespace /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/myPremiumNamespace
```

```output
Id                                : /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces
                                    /myNamespace/migrationConfigurations/$default
Location                          :
MigrationState                    : Active
Name                              : myNamespace
PendingReplicationOperationsCount :
PostMigrationName                 : myStandardNamespace2
ProvisioningState                 : Succeeded
ResourceGroupName                 : myResourceGroup
SystemDataCreatedAt               :
SystemDataCreatedBy               :
SystemDataCreatedByType           :
SystemDataLastModifiedAt          :
SystemDataLastModifiedBy          :
SystemDataLastModifiedByType      :
TargetNamespace                   : /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces
                                    /myPremiumNamespace
```

Starts a Service Bus migration configuration that links standard namespace `myNamespace` to premium `mySecondaryNamespace`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NamespaceName
The namespace name

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PostMigrationName
Name to access Standard Namespace after migration

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify a Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TargetNamespace
Existing premium Namespace ARM Id name which has no entities, will be used for migration

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ServiceBus.Models.Api20221001Preview.IMigrationConfigProperties

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
