src/Databricks/docs/Az.Databricks.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.Databricks
Module Guid: b453c0c1-7867-4fa1-9fd0-0cf8f6c6959c
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.databricks
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.Databricks Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: Databricks cmdlets

## Az.Databricks Cmdlets
### [Get-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Get-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Gets an azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Get-AzDatabricksOutboundNetworkDependenciesEndpoint](Get-AzDatabricksOutboundNetworkDependenciesEndpoint.md)
Gets the list of endpoints that VNET Injected Workspace calls Azure Databricks Control Plane.
You must configure outbound access with these endpoints.
For more information, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/administration-guide/cloud-configurations/azure/udr

### [Get-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Get-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Gets the workspace vNet Peering.

### [Get-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Get-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Gets the workspace.

### [New-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](New-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Creates or updates azure databricks accessConnector.

### [New-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](New-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Creates vNet Peering for workspace.

### [New-AzDatabricksWorkspace](New-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Creates a new workspace.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Remove-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Deletes the azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Remove-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Deletes the workspace vNetPeering.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Remove-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Deletes the workspace.

### [Update-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Update-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Updates an azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Update-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Update-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Update vNet Peering for workspace.

### [Update-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Update-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Updates a workspace.

Commit message:

[Databricks] Update Databricks a new api version: 2023-02-01 (#21838)
* Update Databricks a new api version: 2023-02-01

* update examples

* create test case and update some parameters

* update examples and readme.file

* create exampleIssues.csv

* Restores the changes to BreakingChangeIssues.csv

* Restores the changes to SignatureIssues.csv

* update breakingchangeissues.csv,  SignatureIssues.csv

* added test case for Get-AzDatabricksOutboundNetworkDependenciesEndpoint in AzDatabricksWorkspace.Tests.ps1 file

* update examples

src/Databricks/docs/Az.Databricks.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.Databricks
Module Guid: b453c0c1-7867-4fa1-9fd0-0cf8f6c6959c
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.databricks
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.Databricks Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: Databricks cmdlets

## Az.Databricks Cmdlets
### [Get-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Get-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Gets an azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Get-AzDatabricksOutboundNetworkDependenciesEndpoint](Get-AzDatabricksOutboundNetworkDependenciesEndpoint.md)
Gets the list of endpoints that VNET Injected Workspace calls Azure Databricks Control Plane.
You must configure outbound access with these endpoints.
For more information, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/administration-guide/cloud-configurations/azure/udr

### [Get-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Get-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Gets the workspace vNet Peering.

### [Get-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Get-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Gets the workspace.

### [New-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](New-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Creates or updates azure databricks accessConnector.

### [New-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](New-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Creates vNet Peering for workspace.

### [New-AzDatabricksWorkspace](New-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Creates a new workspace.

### [New-AzDatabricksWorkspaceProviderAuthorizationObject](New-AzDatabricksWorkspaceProviderAuthorizationObject.md)
Create an in-memory object for WorkspaceProviderAuthorization.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Remove-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Deletes the azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Remove-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Deletes the workspace vNetPeering.

### [Remove-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Remove-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Deletes the workspace.

### [Update-AzDatabricksAccessConnector](Update-AzDatabricksAccessConnector.md)
Updates an azure databricks accessConnector.

### [Update-AzDatabricksVNetPeering](Update-AzDatabricksVNetPeering.md)
Update vNet Peering for workspace.

### [Update-AzDatabricksWorkspace](Update-AzDatabricksWorkspace.md)
Updates a workspace.
