src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Az.RedisEnterpriseCache.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
Module Guid: 0b3b43eb-9078-4d06-8c79-d156a1410906
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.RedisEnterpriseCache Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: RedisEnterpriseCache cmdlets

## Az.RedisEnterpriseCache Cmdlets
### [Export-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Export-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Exports a database file from target database.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Gets information about a Redis Enterprise cluster and its associated databases.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Gets information about a database in a Redis Enterprise cluster.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey.md)
Retrieves all access keys for a Redis Enterprise database.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus.md)
Gets the status of operation.

### [Import-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Import-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Imports a database file to target database.

### [Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheForceDatabaseUnlink](Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheForceDatabaseUnlink.md)
Forcibly removes the link to the specified database resource.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Creates a Redis Enterprise cache.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Creates a database for a Redis Enterprise cache.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey.md)
Regenerates an access key for a Redis Enterprise database.

### [Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Deletes a RedisEnterprise cache cluster.

### [Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Deletes a single database in a Redis Enterprise cache.

### [Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Updates an existing RedisEnterprise cluster

### [Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database

Commit message:

Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview (#21440)
* Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview

* Trying to fix build issue

* Add custom changes for flush and CMK

* Add test recordings

* Fix cache with cmk enabled issue

* Suppress Sku API as it is not needed to be exposed now

* Fix example format

* Fix docs format of the command

src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Az.RedisEnterpriseCache.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
Module Guid: 0b3b43eb-9078-4d06-8c79-d156a1410906
Download Help Link: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.RedisEnterpriseCache Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: RedisEnterpriseCache cmdlets

## Az.RedisEnterpriseCache Cmdlets
### [Export-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Export-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Exports a database file from target database.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Gets information about a Redis Enterprise cluster and its associated databases.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Gets information about a database in a Redis Enterprise cluster.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey.md)
Retrieves all access keys for a Redis Enterprise database.

### [Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus](Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus.md)
Gets the status of operation.

### [Import-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Import-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Imports a database file to target database.

### [Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabaseFlush](Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabaseFlush.md)
Flushes all the keys in this database and also from its linked databases.

### [Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheForceDatabaseUnlink](Invoke-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheForceDatabaseUnlink.md)
Forcibly removes the link to the specified database resource.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Creates or updates an existing (overwrite/recreate, with potential downtime) cache cluster with an associated database.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Creates a database for a Redis Enterprise cache.

### [New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey](New-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheKey.md)
Regenerates an access key for a Redis Enterprise database.

### [Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Deletes a RedisEnterprise cache cluster.

### [Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Remove-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Deletes a single database in a Redis Enterprise cache.

### [Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCache](Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCache.md)
Updates an existing RedisEnterprise cluster

### [Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase](Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md)
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database
