src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache/get-azredisenterprisecacheoperationstatus
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the status of operation.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus -Location <String> -OperationId <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets the status of operation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get operation status
```powershell
Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus -Location "East US" -OperationId "6432a8f9-0fe6-4339-9303-772c92f35d02"
```

```output
EndTime                           Name                                 StartTime                         Status
-------                           ----                                 ---------                         ------
2020-12-01T00:12:45.7107366+00:00 6432a8f9-0fe6-4339-9303-772c92f35d02 2020-12-01T00:04:35.7061294+00:00 Succeeded

```

This command gets the status of an operation.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The region the operation is in.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OperationId
The operation's unique identifier.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.Api202201.IOperationStatus

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview (#21440)
* Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview

* Trying to fix build issue

* Add custom changes for flush and CMK

* Add test recordings

* Fix cache with cmk enabled issue

* Suppress Sku API as it is not needed to be exposed now

* Fix example format

* Fix docs format of the command

src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache/get-azredisenterprisecacheoperationstatus
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the status of operation.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus -Location <String> -OperationId <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Gets the status of operation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get operation status
```powershell
Get-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheOperationStatus -Location "East US" -OperationId "6432a8f9-0fe6-4339-9303-772c92f35d02"
```

```output
EndTime                           Name                                 StartTime                         Status
-------                           ----                                 ---------                         ------
2020-12-01T00:12:45.7107366+00:00 6432a8f9-0fe6-4339-9303-772c92f35d02 2020-12-01T00:04:35.7061294+00:00 Succeeded

```

This command gets the status of an operation.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The name of Azure region.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OperationId
The ID of an ongoing async operation.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.Api20230301Preview.IOperationStatus

## NOTES

ALIASES

## RELATED LINKS
