src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache/update-azredisenterprisecachedatabase
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase

## SYNOPSIS
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -ClusterName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AofPersistenceEnabled] [-AofPersistenceFrequency <AofFrequency>]
 [-ClientProtocol <Protocol>] [-EvictionPolicy <EvictionPolicy>] [-RdbPersistenceEnabled]
 [-RdbPersistenceFrequency <RdbFrequency>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -InputObject <IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity> [-AofPersistenceEnabled]
 [-AofPersistenceFrequency <AofFrequency>] [-ClientProtocol <Protocol>] [-EvictionPolicy <EvictionPolicy>]
 [-RdbPersistenceEnabled] [-RdbPersistenceFrequency <RdbFrequency>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update client protocol property of a database
```powershell
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -Name "MyCache" -ResourceGroupName "MyGroup" -ClientProtocol "Plaintext"
```

```output
Name    Type
----    ----
default Microsoft.Cache/redisEnterprise/databases

```

This command updates the client protocol of the database for the Redis Enterprise cache named MyCache.

### Example 2: Update client protocol and eviction policy properties of a database
```powershell
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -Name "MyCache" -ResourceGroupName "MyGroup" -ClientProtocol "Encrypted" -EvictionPolicy "NoEviction"
```

```output
Name    Type
----    ----
default Microsoft.Cache/redisEnterprise/databases

```

This command updates the client protocol and eviction policy of the database for the Redis Enterprise cache named MyCache.

## PARAMETERS

### -AofPersistenceEnabled
[Preview] Sets whether AOF persistence is enabled.
After enabling AOF persistence, you will be unable to disable it.
Support for disabling AOF persistence after enabling will be added at a later date.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AofPersistenceFrequency
[Preview] Sets the frequency at which data is written to disk if AOF persistence is enabled.
Allowed values: 1s, always

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.AofFrequency
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientProtocol
Specifies whether redis clients can connect using TLS-encrypted or plaintext redis protocols.
Allowed values: Encrypted, Plaintext

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.Protocol
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClusterName
The name of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EvictionPolicy
Redis eviction policy.
Allowed values: AllKeysLFU, AllKeysLRU, AllKeysRandom, VolatileLRU, VolatileLFU, VolatileTTL, VolatileRandom, NoEviction

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.EvictionPolicy
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RdbPersistenceEnabled
[Preview] Sets whether RDB persistence is enabled.
After enabling RDB persistence, you will be unable to disable it.
Support for disabling RDB persistence after enabling will be added at a later date.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RdbPersistenceFrequency
[Preview] Sets the frequency at which a snapshot of the database is created if RDB persistence is enabled.
Allowed values: 1h, 6h, 12h

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.RdbFrequency
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.Api202201.IDatabase

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ClusterName <String>]`: The name of the RedisEnterprise cluster.
  - `[DatabaseName <String>]`: The name of the database.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The region the operation is in.
  - `[OperationId <String>]`: The operation's unique identifier.
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection associated with the Azure resource
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview (#21440)
* Powershell changes for RedisEnterprise 2023-03-01-preview

* Trying to fix build issue

* Add custom changes for flush and CMK

* Add test recordings

* Fix cache with cmk enabled issue

* Suppress Sku API as it is not needed to be exposed now

* Fix example format

* Fix docs format of the command

src/RedisEnterpriseCache/docs/Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.RedisEnterpriseCache
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.redisenterprisecache/update-azredisenterprisecachedatabase
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase

## SYNOPSIS
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -ClusterName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-AofPersistenceEnabled] [-AofPersistenceFrequency <AofFrequency>]
 [-ClientProtocol <Protocol>] [-EvictionPolicy <EvictionPolicy>] [-RdbPersistenceEnabled]
 [-RdbPersistenceFrequency <RdbFrequency>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -InputObject <IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity> [-AofPersistenceEnabled]
 [-AofPersistenceFrequency <AofFrequency>] [-ClientProtocol <Protocol>] [-EvictionPolicy <EvictionPolicy>]
 [-RdbPersistenceEnabled] [-RdbPersistenceFrequency <RdbFrequency>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates an existing Redis Enterprise database

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update client protocol property of a database
```powershell
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -Name "MyCache" -ResourceGroupName "MyGroup" -ClientProtocol "Plaintext"
```

```output
Name    Type
----    ----
default Microsoft.Cache/redisEnterprise/databases

```

This command updates the client protocol of the database for the Redis Enterprise cache named MyCache.

### Example 2: Update client protocol and eviction policy properties of a database
```powershell
Update-AzRedisEnterpriseCacheDatabase -Name "MyCache" -ResourceGroupName "MyGroup" -ClientProtocol "Encrypted" -EvictionPolicy "NoEviction"
```

```output
Name    Type
----    ----
default Microsoft.Cache/redisEnterprise/databases

```

This command updates the client protocol and eviction policy of the database for the Redis Enterprise cache named MyCache.

## PARAMETERS

### -AofPersistenceEnabled
[Preview] Sets whether AOF persistence is enabled.
After enabling AOF persistence, you will be unable to disable it.
Support for disabling AOF persistence after enabling will be added at a later date.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AofPersistenceFrequency
[Preview] Sets the frequency at which data is written to disk if AOF persistence is enabled.
Allowed values: 1s, always

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.AofFrequency
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientProtocol
Specifies whether redis clients can connect using TLS-encrypted or plaintext redis protocols.
Allowed values: Encrypted, Plaintext

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.Protocol
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClusterName
The name of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EvictionPolicy
Redis eviction policy.
Allowed values: AllKeysLFU, AllKeysLRU, AllKeysRandom, VolatileLRU, VolatileLFU, VolatileTTL, VolatileRandom, NoEviction

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.EvictionPolicy
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RdbPersistenceEnabled
[Preview] Sets whether RDB persistence is enabled.
After enabling RDB persistence, you will be unable to disable it.
Support for disabling RDB persistence after enabling will be added at a later date.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RdbPersistenceFrequency
[Preview] Sets the frequency at which a snapshot of the database is created if RDB persistence is enabled.
Allowed values: 1h, 6h, 12h

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Support.RdbFrequency
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisEnterpriseCache.Models.Api20230301Preview.IDatabase

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IRedisEnterpriseCacheIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[ClusterName <String>]`: The name of the RedisEnterprise cluster.
  - `[DatabaseName <String>]`: The name of the database.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The name of Azure region.
  - `[OperationId <String>]`: The ID of an ongoing async operation.
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection associated with the Azure resource
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.

## RELATED LINKS
